Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That was weird.
ethant: I don't know what happened.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My internet went completely down and then when it came back up my computer tried to connect to it and it assigned itself, its own IP address. So it was really weird very weird.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I had trouble logging back on weird
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Today, the internet. I don't know what is happening.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: clients have been having issues all day long. Getting logged in and getting logged on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So anyway.
ethant: I bet the of the infrastructure is kind of tax because so many people are using the internet from home, like all day long.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Schools work everything you know way more than what it's normally being used. So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. So anyways, what we're used telling me.
ethant: What was I telling you
ethant: I was telling you that I was using the Adderall is kind of a crutch that works in some ways and doesn't work in other ways. Like, it gives me super focus, which, which is great. And it gives me
ethant: Getting out of the present moment.
ethant: To so I don't
ethant: I don't feel the
ethant: Just that are like
ethant: This is the other like chaos.
ethant: Of it, you know, it's, I get some relief from that.
ethant: Um,
ethant: But then I'm not actually like as we discussed before, I'm not actually doing my best work or anything. It's kind of like
It. I
ethant: Have that attic thinking where I'm like I did this situation is so fucked up. I deserve a way to get through this without, you know,
ethant: Without being like
ethant: Can without having to confront reality.
And that's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's a way to think, yeah, it's not. No.
ethant: Well, it's like, it is a way to think, but it's ultimately it won't work. You know, I can't go through life.
ethant: And whenever there's a
ethant: Situation. That's this
ethant: Like sad and chaotic and uncomfortable and you know unclear and all the things that it is I shouldn't be like, Oh, well I can just get, you know, I can handle it just by taking a bunch of drugs.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, the idea is you know for you to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Abstain from using anything
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know at this point to help you get back on your feet. Right. It's not to rely on a different substance, because I it's really counterproductive. If you think about it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and you know when you weigh it out the cost and the benefits. Is it really helping you in the long run, or is it causing more issues than it normally would.
ethant: haven't written it out. I like to think it would kind of be 5050 but probably, in reality, it would be a net loss.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well net loss. Yeah. You know, I guess, you know, there's this other piece to that says, How is it you know you're you've got a couple months left at this employer and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How do you want it to end.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, do you want it to ending chaos or do you want it to end on good terms, you know. And so really kind of again the cost and benefit analysis of it and really
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Taking a look at to what benefits, you're gaining from it, you know, versus
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The cost. Yeah.
ethant: Yeah.
ethant: As as of tonight. I'm like, doing all this. It's not a miracle worker anything. I'm just setting up these meetings, I'm talking to all the people that I'm supposed to talk to and then starting tomorrow. It's going to be
ethant: You know, probably, where we should have been at the beginning of the week that
But
ethant: That feels good.
ethant: And I think I need to make a personal like
ethant: Deadline Lauren. It's kind of hard to stop mid week I mean anything's possible. I absolutely could do it, but I was thinking I would
ethant: Kind of keep doing this until I get through this week and then spend the weekend.
ethant: sobering up and I could I could appear chipper and sober at our Monday. Monday group.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And answer all kinds of questions on what happened this week.
ethant: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It kind of it right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So after this. The, the plan and commitment is to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not right. Yeah.
ethant: Yeah, I don't wanna. I don't want to live my life this way, like on an ongoing basis. I want to
ethant: I want to get through a large a lot of hard stuff that's coming out of and I don't want to do it with a crutch.
ethant: It'll come out worse if I if I do it with my surprise if you use crutches like this. This is just one little mini part of it. I mean, there's the job search, you know,
ethant: You know, it has all the same features of, like, I gotta impress these people. I gotta
ethant: You know I gotta do Herculean demo projects that will
ethant: Impress them so much, you know, how did he possibly get that all done in this amount of time.
ethant: So all the temptations are going to be there, but I'm going to have to learn how
ethant: To
ethant: You know they have
ethant: To do the math to be you know know as tempting as that might sound. It's just going to make things worse.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What is Lily say about it.
ethant: She
ethant: Is obviously concerned about my job. My job is in a weird position where
ethant: Like I keep screwing up and this is screwing up pretty bad, like sleeping through meetings and, you know, failing to get basic stuff set up for that involves a bunch of people this week.
ethant: So I'm really not performing
ethant: Well at the job and so she's worried like, are you, you know,
ethant: Is the Java my suddenly going to get fired and then we'll be
ethant: In Job Search mode sooner than we expected.
ethant: Other than that, you kind of rolls with it, she she she's very clear with her with her disappointment. Like when I I don't hide it from her and she's you know I tell her what I'm doing and she
ethant: sits me down, and she tells me, really, sincerely. The how deeply like disappointed. She is that that you know
ethant: That I've let let things go this way.
ethant: But on the other hand, she's not like leaving the house. She's not
ethant: You know she's not actively like trying to find my drugs and throw them out or anything like that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She's just letting you handle it and deal with it you know she's
ethant: So she's kind of hands off in that regard.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can see you know why she would take that stance, you know. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
ethant: Yeah, she's learned. She's been around my this my behavior long enough to know that.
I'm
ethant: That you can't control it, you know, she has an interesting sort of Eastern European mindset where
ethant: You should be able to apply for not force exactly but like influence on a person
ethant: And ultimately control them, and she should be able to achieve in her culture. It's like, you should be able to
ethant: Do whatever it takes, you know, in prison, somebody in their own house basically to like keep them from from doing you know whatever this destructive thing they're doing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is
ethant: They can actually do that in Russia. It's funny that or it's interesting because we have all of our personal freedoms laws over here. So, like when you go to rehab. Here you have to agree to to go to rehab and that's not the case in Russia.
ethant: The family can get together and decide like this you know so and so, needs to be in rehab and he doesn't have any personal choice in the matter. I don't know exactly how the laws work out but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I wonder how
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What the statistics show as far as success rate as far as people staying getting sober staying server, you know, in that type of culture, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Interesting. I'm gonna have to research that now. Thank you.
ethant: Yeah, check it out. It's also interesting because they have a very sort of
ethant: You know the machismo, kind of thing that uh like Latin American cultures have yeah the guys in in
ethant: Eastern Europe, Eastern Europe. Definitely have
That quality.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
ethant: I don't know.
ethant: Maybe they have some success cases I
ethant: Would think that if you put someone in one of those programs against their will and they're so proud about
ethant: You know, running their life the way that they want and then it would be hard.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. Well, I know it's hard to convince somebody to go to rehab, you know, to want to go.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, nobody wants to go to rehab, that's for sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you doing on your Benz's
ethant: So I have the ones that Mary prescribed to me. I've taken just I've taken less than, you know, one a day she basically gave me 30 and more or less wrote it. So it's like one a day.
ethant: Um, but I also got some Xanax from my
ethant: From my
ethant: My dealer and I have been taking those, I would say like
ethant: And I'm trying not to go overboard with it, but I haven't taken like
ethant: Two bars, a day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For how many days.
ethant: For the past, whatever week that this has been going on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And how long are you planning on taking those daily
ethant: I want to stop taking those and start
The the
ethant: The path to getting on track seems pretty straightforward because I've been continuing to take the the Suboxone and I'm pretty you know made all this chaos. But so, my life, my day routines are all messed up, but
ethant: Basically I've been taking strictly one strip you know per day. I cut it up in pieces.
ethant: I i've been successful is there are also temptations of like Uber. You know, I can get back in, but I don't want it. You know, so
ethant: The path to getting back on track is to like stop taking the Adderall stop taking the
The Xanax and switch to
ethant: The mountain most moderate possible
ethant: You know dosage that I can from the ones that Mary gave me
ethant: I expect a little bit. There's the Xanax, like the ones that I get. They're not like knock your socks off. They're not like super high dosage or anything so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So milligram
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What's up,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: One milligram point one oh point one or something like that point times
ethant: It's all little questionable because that stuff is made in China. And so like
ethant: You know, some Chinese lab.
ethant: Some Gino Chinese underground lab going to make doing their best estimate at the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: At the figure it out. Yeah, there's
ethant: Supposed to kind of be to two milligrams, which there's a there's an equivalent equivalency calculator.
ethant: Which comes out to more than one
ethant: More than one
ethant: Day, for sure. So I'll, I'll start with one day of the ones that Mary gave me. And if I feel like I'm
ethant: Having significant panic problems and maybe I'll try one and a half for a day or two and then get back to one.
ethant: And ultimately until none.
ethant: Or, you know, unless I have an extreme panic situation that was the
ethant: Well panic situation or really bad headache. Those things are a lifesaver for for for migraines.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Makes a difference.
ethant: Yeah, I mean, it makes it, it works in cases where it's like, I take
ethant: So I have this
ethant: sumatriptan which is specifically for headaches.
ethant: And some sort of
ethant: Average headaches. I'll take one of those. And I'll just be fine. But that sometimes the headaches are so severe, I can take two of those. And it's still like indeed debilitating me until I take a quantum and then it suddenly like whatever it is that this dress part of it.
ethant: That it's causing the headache, you know, gets kind of addressed, and then it goes away.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Haha, and have you seen a doctor for him.
ethant: Yeah.
ethant: When I showed up at bright hearts door that was, that was one of the prescriptions that I had was, was
ethant: That's why I had the Klonopin prescription was
ethant: Mean it was written for
ethant: For anxiety or panic.
ethant: But the reason that my primary care originally gave it to me was
ethant: That's not quite right. He originally originally gave it to me for panic because I guess he just got tired of me coming in there and having all these weird problems which just turned out to be things in my head. And he's like, obviously, you're just having panic attacks.
ethant: And so he gave he gave some to me to try when
ethant: When I was having one of those and. Yeah, no worries work like a charm and then
ethant: And then knowing that panic and
ethant: Anxiety in general and
ethant: And bet and
ethant: Migraines are connected. I started doing some research about it and
ethant: I discovered there are
ethant: Some doctors and it's not a first line of defense but there are some doctors that treat
ethant: Migraines with Klonopin
ethant: Me because it has all these drawbacks where you you know you you you get used to it. And then when you stop taking it that the headaches, come back, and then
ethant: You know, if you don't have anxiety problems, then it makes you a little dopey and all this. So that's why they don't try you know and it has addictive properties and blah, blah, blah.
Yeah.
ethant: But if
ethant: For certain patients with with bad migraines.
ethant: It's it's apparently well documented in the research literature that it works really works. And in my experience, it works really well. It's kind of amazing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, be careful, you know, definitely you can become addicted to it physically addicted to it for sure. And that's a long drawn out detox, for sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you know, I hope that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: After this week that you take the time to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To sleep. This weekend reflect this weekend and, you know, kind of get back on track, you know. Yeah.
ethant: That's my active plan.
Is to
ethant: pick back up with all this stuff that I was doing
Um,
ethant: And specifically, with the goal of like showing up for bright heart on Monday.
ethant: And, you know, having. It's not that I just wanting to satisfy bright heart is the kind of thing that's going to keep me sober, but it, it was so great. Those like it was it just a month or a month and a half, whatever it was, but just sticking to those simple rules and
ethant: I you know I had no temptations.
ethant: Mean reading back through my journal. It was like it was still chaos every day. So it wasn't like I was, you know, just totally comfortable and everything was great, but at least the the the active damage being made by
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: addictive behavior was was basically cut to zero. Right. And that's a piece of it, you know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely it's crazy if you think about it, though. You know, you get in this rhythm of things in this routine and if things are working and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: One thing can happen.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right to put you in this whole spiral, you know,
Yep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
ethant: What the main thing I was already under the, the, all the insanity at work that was already happening, but
ethant: And I kind of got this sense from our, our lat, not the most recent group, but the group before that were like everybody was just like crazy because we can't go outside, we can you know
ethant: Yeah, so it was the I was just teetering on the edge already with all with with my work situation and then that
You know,
ethant: The Apocalypse or whatever's going on and outside
ethant: And push me over to the edge or I'm like okay I can, I can. This is a
ethant: You know, it's never a reasonable thinking in hindsight that at the time. It felt like, yep. This is
This is a
ethant: This is solid thinking
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's why you always want to have a sober support. So you could bounce it off, you know, these ideas that do take you back to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The destruction. You know what I mean. And they can kind of bring you back around to the right way to think about things, you know,
ethant: Yeah, I did. I reached out to Dan about that was like dude, we need both of us need to have good super good you know support or during these crazy time so we should set up a regular Skype.
ethant: And he responded back. He's like, that's a great idea, let's you know let's start tonight. And then I just fell off on and didn't take him back. But that's a good reminder. That'll be something I'll do tonight.
ethant: I already have, like, eight things back to that I have to do for work and that I can do that for myself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, just take a few minutes to focus you know on you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and it's the first step of getting right back on track.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And when you make the choice to to quit, you know, make sure that you don't have any in your house, you know, get them out of your house.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because you know one as you seen taking one finding one taking one automatic remember yeah you know that really opens the doorway for that total spiral and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you want to make sure that make sure that you're secure that your environment, secure, you know, and stay connected
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and you think about back at, you know, a month ago life still happens. This is a piece of it. You know what I mean, life still happens, it's still stressful. We still have all of these things that we have to deal with. We've just got to learn how to deal with them without
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Substances
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And in the very beginning, it can be overwhelming. It can be tough, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And this is the piece where you know where we say we are powerless.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because we are powerless over our addiction and we're certainly not powerless over choices.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and we're certainly not not powerless powerless over getting up and starting fresh again. Every day is a new opportunity to do something different, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So on Monday. I'm hoping to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To hear that you know you did, you know, do as you plan to
ethant: Fall, for sure. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely, and that you're, you know, making healthier choices.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I'm not going to give you a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How do I say it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you, if
An assignment.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, you have plenty. Obviously, you got to get back on track. Now, so you've got to get you know regenerate everything that you've heard already going, you've got plenty
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But what I was going to say is if if you were struggling on Monday, and you still you know aren't able to stop. I mean, I'm not going to kick you out of group. I'm not going to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, stop therapy. I want to walk you through this and get you to the other side. You know, so I you know I just want you to know that and be be secure in that piece. Cool. I appreciate that. Yeah.
ethant: This is like it's the self care. Well, just basic self care is that you don't you don't stop.
ethant: Trying to go to your self care resources when you need it the most.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But, you know, our way of thinking, you know, the addicted brain it's like that's the hardest thing to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's kind of amazing. Like we we start doing these things that are healthy for us and we're feeling good. And then we have a trigger. And then we have a craving and event trigger craving, you know, and then we use
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And we go down this whole spiraling whole and we know still what's good for us.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, we find every reason in the world to keep doing what we're doing. Instead of getting right back on track. It's kind of and that's part of the addicted brain, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you get to a point where you have a couple days of clarity, a couple days of clearness
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and then we can kind of work on that. Stop.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know in your head, stop. And, you know, turn the other direction.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you're addicted brain starts talking to you and telling you what a good idea. This is, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It sounds like a plan.
ethant: Yeah, so, um, I need to talk to you about it. The, the film's I'm just about to run out of films.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How many of you got
One.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's weird.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What, how did that happen.
ethant: Well, you asked me a group, how many I had and I had three
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Three days. Okay, right. Yep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right. Alright, let me do this really fast and I'll
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Daniel sleeping.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mary
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Also there's another piece of this that I want.
To
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hold on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That I want you to be aware of. And that is, you know, when somebody relapses
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: While they're in treatment. The idea is to get a closer
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To keep keep close tabs on them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So just know that that is a possibility that Mary has if she you and her talk and she you know finds out that you're continually using she might lower your
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your refills to like three days every three days, you have to do a check in and tell you're back on track. And then she gets expanded out or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and that's just to kind of walk alongside yet through this whole process and make sure that you're okay. And yeah, so you know it makes sense.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So there's that piece to that I wanted to let you know about, but I just sent a message. I'm going to email her to marry and let her know that you need a refill. Cool. Alright, so that way. I've covered both
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Through through my virtual clinic and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Female
ethant: Sorry.
ethant: I said sorry you covered both
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have you checked your pharmacy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
ethant: usually get a notification from them, but I'll check with them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I just sent her
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I just sent her a email and I sent her and Danielle both a message on Slack so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because Danielle is the one that just kind of works with the doctors and making sure that people get their medication. So
ethant: All the crazy restrictions with insurance and everything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so that's underway now I just initiated that for you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So your plan the next couple days is to continue on this path until Friday and then
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You plan on resting for the weekend and starting back on your other routine Monday. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and you're going to call your support system tonight. Yep.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
ethant: Yeah.
ethant: I got a call my mom to and so I'm a little trip trip for this about
ethant: Because she
ethant: I have an eye out now told her, like, you know, basically relapse, but
ethant: But I gotta tell her at some point.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What do you think she'll say,
ethant: She'll be disappointed, but I
ethant: Know, she might
ethant: scold me a little bit, but I think she's mainly gonna tell me to just get back on track.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, she wants to see you succeed. Yeah, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's good that she support for you to, you know, yeah.
ethant: Yeah, yeah. I have a lot of good family support. So I'm lucky in that area.
ethant: Good. Well, it's funny. It kind of goes both ways. It's like when when I'm not doing well and then I don't want to talk to the family because I'm I don't want the schooling or whatever.
He then
ethant: And then immediately becomes this sort of
ethant: Trying to walk in log into Walgreens here.
Password.
Ready for pick
ethant: Maybe already do have some quantity 30 ready for pickup.
ethant: It does come in.
ethant: Wasn't expecting
ethant: Thank you for telling me to do that here. I'll paste it.
ethant: On if I can show you this.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh yeah, you've got it.
ethant: Yeah, and they're even open till nine so I can hit it. Well, I guess it's not an emergency, I can do this tomorrow. We have plenty of things to do tonight.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Perfect. Okay. All right, let me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell them to so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ya know, they don't think
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They don't think anything
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, yep.
ethant: My apologies. Yeah, I'm a decent that I asked you and you sent that message to marry and I have to send another one thing, nevermind. He already sent it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Got it. Not a big deal.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Either I'm here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My screen is just doing weird stuff today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, cuz I've still got
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're still sharing your screen.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Sure.
I think it's
ethant: So you can't see my face. I can see my face.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I can see your face, but I have zoom and then right behind that I have your screen is still up and it's actually sitting on your calendar.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It says Joel's slash david be
ethant: Yeah, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Crazy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it won't let me click out of it. It won't nothing
ethant: sickies. We're
ethant: Here, I get this, I can share you my whole desktop, but I don't think that's what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We want to closed.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it doesn't give me the option option to do anything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because you're sharing it. So for some reason. It's kind of stuck on that.
ethant: They ever tell you my reason that I'm frustrated, a little bit with zoom
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What
ethant: So we had a CEO and then Kelly stack Berg at my company for like five years. She was great. She
ethant: She kind of it.
ethant: So click click stop here.
That helps hope.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is still there.
ethant: Anyway, when we disconnect it will fix it. So Kelly.
The
ethant: I DON'T HAVE AN OFFICIAL WORD OF THIS. But the word on the street was that she had an affair with with somebody who worked at the company and the board found out about it and the board thought it was a really big deal.
ethant: bigger deal than anyone else.
ethant: Interpreted as
ethant: So they fired her.
ethant: And it was a big problem for us because we needed a CEO. She was a great CEO and we needed a new one. And it started this sort of
ethant: That was the beginning of of not so great, period.
ethant: But anyway, what she did when she got fired. When she left and became the CTO of Zoosk and like nine months after she left CT Zoosk went public.
ethant: And you can even
ethant: You can even tell in the in the in the filings for the IPO that
ethant: Kelly made
ethant: Like $9 million cash as part of the
ethant: As far as the the
ethant: The, you know, the offering of the company on the stock market.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And now that
ethant: I haven't followed like the stock price. Ever since then but
ethant: So it's like the ones didn't unhappy for around the other seven, something like
ethant: Geez, like as a resident trying to get my company to including Kelly even trying, trying to get things to work for so long and then ended up in this kind of iffy merger deal that no one's really making a ton of money on, sir.
ethant: But Kelly left and got to make millions so good for her.
Wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: crazy stuff. Yep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, well I'm gonna let you out of here so you can get to work and call your sober support.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yep, and I will be looking forward to seeing you in group on Monday, no matter what. Make sure that you show up no matter what. All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, don't miss it because if you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right.
ethant: Yeah. And hey, I don't know, maybe this doesn't matter at all. The reason that I missed group last week was I was asleep. It was one of those that just one of those cases where I like Crash after being up too long and like, by the time I came to. It was like two hours past group diamond.
ethant: So it wasn't like I was awake and like you know
ethant: The deciding to not participate
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I'm sure, with the schedule. You've been keeping you know definitely makes perfect sense that you actually take cat naps where you good
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so
ethant: It's not an excuse or and I'm just
ethant: Just so you know, it wasn't like, I'm just gonna blow off Rebecca today that's it wasn't my plan at all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know you're pretty consistent. And on top of things. So generally, so you know, I, I get that. And I know that so I'm not worried you're forgiven. Definitely.
Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will. I definitely am going to look forward to seeing you get back on track, though. Yeah, you know, me too.
ethant: Yeah, I'm ready for it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Call you're sober support and I will see you in group on Monday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, okay.
ethant: Thanks a lot, Rebecca.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have a great evening. Have a great weekend.
ethant: All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Talk to you soon. All right, bye.